I'm clockin' out early, hey, hey, hey.
Next customer, please step this way.
Oh... okay.
That'll be 1,040 yen.
Okay.
Here's your change and receipt.
You're close to getting
your loyalty reward!
Okay...
We'll have a 50% discount coupon
on mochi chips tomorrow.
Thanks.
I'll take over, Yamada-chan.
Something's wrong.
What?
Wow, I have so many points now.
Thank you very much!
My customer service
didn't prove effective.
On what?
I want to smoke so bad.
Tayama-san...
I can't smoke here without her.
It's not that easy.
Heya, it's me, your easy girl.
Tayama-san?!
Wassup?
Oh, did you just get off?
Yep.
Good work.
Anyway, you want to smoke, right?
Isn't that why you're here?
Get in.
That was one big sigh.
Something got you down, Sasaki-san?
Uh, well...
I guess.
Yamada-san was bothered by it.
What? Did I act
inappropriately back there?
Not what I meant.
She was worried about you
because you were down in the dumps.
She's such a considerate,
thoughtful person.
Thank you, too, Tayama-san.
Hey, I'm just the messenger.
What? But you came here
just to tell me that, didn't you?
Your hair's down, so I thought maybe
you rushed here to talk to me.
Hey, Tayama-san! You know you
shouldn't blow smoke in someone's face!
I couldn't be bothered
doing my hair. That's all.
And I passed on the message because...
I'm not telling you.
You can blame yourself
for getting cheeky tonight.
Cheeky? What?
H-How do you mean?
Too cheeky for such a dense guy.
Excuse me? I am not dense.
Am I really that dense?
What's the matter?
Tayama-san, uh...
Could I get your unbiased thoughts
on something? I'd appreciate it.
What is it?
Am I a scary guy?
Are you okay?
Where'd that hilarious question come from?
"Hilarious"?
Well, you see...
I made a fresh-out-of-college
hire cry today.
What, Sasaki-san, are you the yelly
type at work? That's so funny.
Hey! Now look here, you... You...!
No! Absolutely not!
She made a really trivial mistake,
so I tried to cheer her up,
but I think she took
what I said the opposite way.
I'd feel so bad if she came
to hate her job because of me.
I don't see the problem.
Your workplace is basically a sweatshop,
making you work so late all the time.
She'll probably quit either way.
Don't say that, Tayama-san...
Besides, if she's a fresh graduate,
she only just joined the company, right?
She'll eventually find out
that you're a good person.
Well, if she sticks around that long.
Thanks for saying so.
I'm sure Yamada-san would never
find herself in this situation.
Why bring her up there?
I just thought, she'd never scare
new hires to the point of tears.
Unlike me and my intimidating
appearance, you mean?
That's not what I meant.
True, she's more likely
to be disrespected than feared.
Disrespected?
I really think she's incredible.
She's bright and cheery,
even when working at odd hours,
and she even looks out
for troublesome customers like me.
I wish I could go about things
with a smile like her.
Supermarkets train their employees hard
to have the perfect smile.
Oh, really? Does that mean you, too?
Yep.
Your eyes have to be
upturned and crescent.
Lift your facial muscles,
and show your upper teeth.
Like so!
T-Tamaya-san, you...
Huh?
Wha?
Sorry. I'm really sorry.
It's just, that really took me aback.
You look great when you're acting
all cutesy, too, Tayama-san.
Huh?
T... Tayama-san?
No, I should be apologizing to you.
Rather than just demonstrating,
I should have instructed you directly.
S-Sowwy, 'ayama-han!
A you ma'?
I din't mean anying 'y it!
Okay. That'll do for smile practice.
I'm sorry, okay?
Remember that feeling and practice more.
I...
Got that?
Yes, ma'am!
I'm really sorry
for breaking down yesterday!
I didn't mean to cry, but...
I was just so overwhelmed.
Let's talk outside.
It's too smoky in here.
No, that's fine.
I'm truly sorry for making you out
to be the bad guy.
Don't be. I should've thought
about my phrasing, too.
There's no need! I...
I knew you were a good person.
I shouldn't have misunderstood.
It's totally normal to mess up at first.
In fact, you're expected to.
Don't let it get to you.
And if you ever have any questions,
don't hesitate to ask.
Thank you very much.
What a smooth operator.
Don't ruin it!
Next customer, please step this way.
Here's your receipt.
Thank you.
Thank you! Come again!
Don't laugh at that, Sasaki.
You see it all the time.